Add documentation for Chocolatey GUI 0.20.0 release (#366)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/chocolatey-gui/user-interface/settings/chocolatey-gui.md

once changed, the feature or configuration value changes takes immediate effect, but it may require an application
restart to take effect.

> There are search boxes which allows you to type the name of a feature, or a setting, and the list will be filtered down
> to only matching entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are search boxes that allow you to type the name of a feature, or a setting, and the list will be filtered down
to only match entries with the search phrase in either the display name or the configuration name.
```
